Here are a list of tools and the description of skills I have gained in using them.

1. Regard3D
- There were many apps one could use in bringing a realworld object into a 3D building application, I chose regard3D so that
I can make my laptop my workshop. Clear and accurate photography, learning how a machine reads a image and how to properly adjust settings
to match the model at hand were all skills I learned while incorporating my medallion into a tangigle model on the digital realm. 
Using regard3D was my first example of having things break for me in this course, it took three photosets to find
the right one that had the perfect lighting and proper angles that the app would read the model without creating gaps
in the surface layer. The process of creating a surface meant restarting the entire photoset if something goes wrong,
because one flaw will continue making flaws in the future processes. The final product was a model that I could work
with for the rest of the models.

2. 3DBuilder
- Once my model was ready in regard3D, I needed to find an app that I was able to work my model with. The free app
3Dbuilder was one that I was comfortable working with and works similarly to 123D where its basic/simple in concept,
but can be greatly helpful when you learn to use all of its functions. Here I learned most of the 3D design skills
to make virtually any model. The task I performed was cleaning up the incorporated model from Regard and then "remixing"
it with both a low poly wolf model and the capitoline wolf model. Editing models meant lining up models perfectly
and ensuring the angles of both models match. The "cleaning" up of the model meant substracting and smoothing the model
to the point where you are removing any unwanted angles or junk attached to the model. 

3. Twine
- This is one of the apps that I had the most fun with and was able to incorporate past expirence with python into it in
terms of creating a branching narrative. Being a writer myself, its useful to create a narrative that you can control its 
direction and create outcomes for the reader / player for their actions. The skills I learned in twine was how to basic code,
how to create a simple game and how to use a function that opens up many possbilities for the options that the game can take.
